Transformations: Add standard deviation and variance reducers (#49753)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/calculation-types.md

# Reference: Calculation types

> You can perform the following calculations in Grafana. Navigate to the **Transform** tab and in the bar gauge, gauge, and stat visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains a list of calculations you can perform in Grafana. You can find these calculations in the **Transform** tab and in the bar gauge, gauge, and stat visualizations.
```
